docs: extra codegen information (#1044)
cognitedata/cognitesdk-js: packages/codegen/README.md

and automatically exported. Only services configured via a `codegen.json`
file is processed, and will generate types for its given configuration.

## Things to be aware of

1. **Date based fields will be a numeric type**. This can be solved through AST manipulation, and may be fixed in the future.

> 2. **Changes like renaming component definition in the service-contract/openapi spec, will cause a breaking change in the cognite-sdk-js**. Essentially names are copied from the openapi spec. Treat your openapi spec with a strict fashion to avoid unecesarry brekaing changes in the cognite-sdk-js. e.g. renaming your MyBadlyNamedResponse to something more suitable, will result in a breaking change and is discourage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Changes like renaming component definition in the service-contract/openapi spec, will cause a breaking change in the cognite-sdk-js**. Essentially names are copied from the openapi spec. Treat your openapi spec with a strict fashion to avoid unnecessary breaking changes in the cognite-sdk-js. e.g. renaming your MyBadlyNamedResponse to something more suitable, will result in a breaking change and is discouraged.
```
